Imagine you work for amazon, what is the Meta data information you will store for an item in your Database. For E.g. the item is a shirt, once you have stored the Meta
data how will use the information?


Approach:

Metadata: 
         It refers “data about data”, providing context and additional information itself, rather than the context of the information. 
         It will be like a label that describes a file or an instruction manual for understanding a data.
         
Characterictics:
               1. Provide Description: It describes the data such as its format(image, document etc)
               2. Improves Discoverability: Metadata helps users find relevant information by categorization tagging data for easier search and retrieval.

Product Information
        Unique Identifer :  Identifier for the product on Amazon
        Title: Product Name[Eg : Men’s Shirt]
        Description :  Details of the product with features and color and type
        Style: Design Details 

Inventory Infromation
          Stock:  Current Availability of the Product[In Stock, Out Of Stock]
         Price: Amount of the Product
         Sale Price: [Optional] either the Product is on Discount.
         Center: Location where the product is stored.

Additional Information
           Images, Rating, Search Keywords.

How Amazon Use this Information
           1.	Product Page Display: Product Details, Description and Images
           2.	Search Functionality : Improve product discover through relevant keywords and Categorizations.
           3.	Pricing: Analyze competitor pricing and adjust prices accordingly
           4.	Customer Liking: Understand customer preference and buying habits to improve product selection and user experience
           5.	Personalization : Recommend product based on individual customers past purchase and browsing behavior.

           

MySql Creating Table:

Create table Product{
Id Int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
Title VARCHAR(500),
DESCRIPTION VARCHAR(500),
Style VARCHAR(500)
};
